Update changelog in preparation for 1.2.0 release (#4524)
xournalpp/xournalpp: CHANGELOG.md

  * Fixed some bugs with copying and pasting images (#4466).
* Text Tool
  * Added functionality to automatically select the currently editing text if
    switching to a selection tool (#4315).
  * Fixed some bugs when handling IM input, improving compatibility for some
    IMEs such as `gcin` (#3841).
  * Fixed text input remaining active after changing pages (#4027).
  * Fixed bold toggle also removing italics (#4417).
  * Fixed pasted text not using the color of the text tool (#4466).
* Hand Tool
  * Changed selections to hide the controls when the Hand Tool is selected (
    #4419).
  * Added capability to interact with links on the background PDF (TODO: )
* Stroke and eraser tools
  * Added a system cursor option (#3540).
  * Added stoke cap styles to the file format (#3326).
  * Added a "double ended arrow" stroke style (#2362, #3946).
  * Added a Preferences setting for setting the minimum size of the shape
    recognizer (#4283).
  * Added a toolbar item for changing fill opacity (#4263).
  * Improved minor graphical aspects of the fill opacity dialog (#3515).
  * Improved performance by rendering strokes with integer coordinates (#4080).

>   * Rewrote the stroke rendering code to fix bugs and improve performance

Author: #4304 makes some optimization changes, so I think it is correct. #3580 fixes a regression, but it's appropriate to add nonetheless.

  * Reimplemented the LaTeX editor using the gtksourceview library (#2809),
    enabling multiline input, syntax highlighting, undo/recode, word wrap, and a
    resizable code editor.
  * Added a tab for viewing the output of the TeX command (#2809).
  * Added Preferences settings for changing the syntax highlighting theme, word
    wrap settings, font, default formula, and other settings (#2809, #4264).
  * Changed the TeX background color to become dark when a light font color is
    selected (#2809).
  * Fixed a bug where editing existing TeX will cause its position to change
    (#4415, #4430).
  * Fixed a memory leak (#4088)
* PDF support
  * Added "Xournal++" as the "Creator" in exported PDF metadata (#3523).
  * Added button to propose replacement background PDF if it is missing and a
    file with a similar name is found in the same folder as the `.xopp` file
    (#4165)
  * Minor performance improvements (#4004).
* Floating toolbox
  * Added capability to open the floating toolbox with a secondary button
    (#3270).
* Packaging
  * Added build flags to force or disable X11 linking (#4146).
  * AppImage: added support for AppImageUpdate (#1915, #4265).
* Miscellaneous

>   * Improved file size of documents with large amonuts of stroke data by up to
>     15% (#3831, #4065).

Reviewer: That looks like the wrong issue. I didn't find out which one was meant. Also there is a typo.
```suggestion
  * Improved file size of documents with large amounts of stroke data by up to
    15% (#4065).
```

Author: You're right, #3831 should go on the next line.
